Hello kind reader! Let me start by thanking you for spending time on this site. I hope that it left you good impresions. When I started invisioning and making designs, code snipets and brainstorming ideas for this portfolio; I was so desperately trying to get out of a slump. A slump that had swallowed me whole throughout my early career as a developer who's sad that his projects are never creative, innovative or useful enough. "What's the point of making xyz if nobody is ever going to use it?" - I would say to myself a day after finishing my most ambitious project.
Something had to be done.
I always considered myself... Creative. I get satisfaction from building things, whatever: drawing something, making graphic-designs, editing a video, creating an app, a script, photoshopping, building small robots, etc... This was my way of meditating and freeing myself from all of the stress accumulated by being young and doing normal people things, like going to school. But lately it felt like some of my main hobbies had been drifting away from me. And I could not let that happen.
One day as I was walking to the bus station with my friend, probably discussing something very profound you know like teenagers do, a lightbulb turned on above my head. "Let's make something that doesn't need users to be useful". Let everyone see the things I'm most proud of in a webpage that can be edited through a webapp that only I, the creator need to use.
Genius idea, I know. I bet noone ever thought about this..., oh wait.
Anyways, let's stop rambling words around. This website is my take on a portfolio that is a project on its own. I invested a lot of time in frontend AND backend. I didn't want just a pretty face like most others do; that’s why the website is built using Python's Django framework in collaboration with Html/Css/Js and Inkscape as my Illustration app.
My dear reader, I told you a lot about myself, but I forgot the fundamentals. Better late than never.
My name is Olt Latifi, I'm a 16 year old circle from Kosovo. My love for programming was kick started by attending modules on jCoders academy back in 2016. There, I learned the basics of programming by completing modules on Scratch (I know...), Robotics, Python, Web programming and Django. From there I continued researching and learning even more on my own to the point that I was very comfortable making programs that I could never dream of a couple years back.
My tech-savviness wasn't satisfied so I began taking courses on Cisco Networking Academy. As of the day I'm writing this, I have finished the IT, CCNA1 and CCNA2 courses. (Planning to finish the entire CCNA).
I'm in high school. I go to Kolegji "Don Bosko" Gjilan. I chose this school because of its giant reputation and because I love learning. It gives me a feeling of validation. I enjoy science and the feeling I get when I can explain something through it. 
I want to write out some hobbies, after all It's my website and I can do whatever I want with it. I like programming(obviously), designing, swimming, health and fitness, reading, solving jigsaw puzzles, going on long walks, watching movies, football, traveling, cooking, deducting and making theories about dumb stuff.
If anyone is wondering my favorite movie is Greenbook. Favorite series is Breaking Bad. Favorite football team is FC Barcelona. Favorite book is Crime and Punishment, also favorite author F.M Dostoevsky.  Favorite youtuber is Pewdiepie. Favorite actor is Robert Downey Jr. Favorite singer is The weeknd. Favorite rapper is Logic. Favorite programming language is Python.
If you came all the way here, I appreciate you. It would be really cool to get approached by someone who knows a lot about me through this. If that's the case the code word is "HR". Thank you for reading, and thank you for coming to my TED talk.
